Add documentation for GraphQL iOS (#33482)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/application_monitoring/ios/advanced_configuration.md

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

#### Apollo instrumentation

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instrumenting Apollo in your iOS application gives RUM visibility into GraphQL errors and performance. Because GraphQL requests all go to a single endpoint and often return 200 OK even on errors, default HTTP instrumentation lacks context. It lets RUM capture the operation name, operation type, and variables (and optionally the payload). This provides more detailed context for each network request.

```

This integration supports both Apollo iOS 1.0+ and Apollo iOS 2.0+. The setup differs between versions, so please follow the instructions for your Apollo iOS version below.

1. [Set up][2] RUM monitoring with Datadog iOS RUM.

2. Add the following to your application's `Package.swift` file:

> ```swift

Reviewer: can you add the instructions for Swift and Xcode in tabs instead? (see Custom Actions in this file for an example)

dependencies: [
    // For Apollo iOS 1.0+
    .package(url: "https://github.com/DataDog/dd-sdk-ios-apollo-interceptor", .upToNextMajor(from: "1.0.0"))
    
    // For Apollo iOS 2.0+
    .package(url: "https://github.com/DataDog/dd-sdk-ios-apollo-interceptor", .upToNextMajor(from: "2.0.0"))
]
```

Alternatively, you can add it using Xcode:

> - Go to **File** → **Add Package Dependencies**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to **File** → **Add Package Dependencies**.
```

- Enter the repository URL: `https://github.com/DataDog/dd-sdk-ios-apollo-interceptor`

> - Select the package version that matches your Apollo major version (choose `1.x.x` for Apollo iOS 1.0+ or `2.x.x` for Apollo iOS 2.0+).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select the package version that matches your Apollo major version (choose `1.x.x` for Apollo iOS 1.0+ or `2.x.x` for Apollo iOS 2.0+).
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

#### Apollo instrumentation

> This integration supports both Apollo iOS 1.0+ and Apollo iOS 2.0+. The setup differs between versions, so please follow the instructions for your Apollo iOS version below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration supports both Apollo iOS 1.0+ and Apollo iOS 2.0+. Follow the instructions for the Apollo iOS version you have below.
```
